Adds support for building locally (#44)
product-os/docusaurus-builder: README.md

> The `create-react-app` version of building docusaurus websites

> This is the official Docusaurus theme for balena docs.

Reviewer: Are you running an auto linter on markdown? It feels like it's adding a lot of changes that aren't relevant to the PR. Do reset them and add only the local preview section

Author: I like my auto linting :P

Reviewer: But, the git history won't like the noise when that shows up on blame. To have a clean git history I recommend, linting these preferably in a different PR

Here's some of the things the builder looks out for:

#### Pre-requistes for running the GitHub action on Flowzone

1. A README file in the root of the repository
2. An input named as `cloudflare_website` in the flowzone.yml file.

#### Good to have

1. Markdown docs present in either a docs directory called `docs` or `balena-docs`
2. [Assets/images/files](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/assets) being used in the docs being present inside the docs directory as mentioned in point 1 referenced using [markdown links](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/links).
3. A favicon file present in the root named as `favicon.ico`
4. A logo file present in the root named as `logo.png`

This list is exhaustive. Will contine to add to it.
Docs are constantly evolving, but always degrading.
A little attention to detail will be neeed.

## Developing your site locally

To develop your site locally you should to have the following installed:

- [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

With `Docker` installed, open a shell in your terminal, navigate to the root of your project's repo and run the following command:

```bash

> docker run -t -i -e "DEV=true" -v $(pwd):/app/local -p 80:80 product:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -t -i -e "DEV=true" -v $(pwd):/app/local product-os/docusaurus-builder:latest
```

I am assuming you will be changing the name of the image once it's published

```

> > Note - if you are trying to run this from Windows, please use powershell

Reviewer: I would add a "Why" to this statement to let the user know why you need recommend that

> Once you see `[SUCCESS] Docusaurus website is running at: http://localhost:80/` in your terminal, your site will be available to your web browser at `http://localhost:80`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you see a success message in your terminal, your docusaurus site will be available on [http://localhost:80](http://localhost:80).
```

I would also recommend adding that it won't hot reload or watch for changes. Instead users will need to run this command again to regenerate their preview site each time to test their changes and get a new preview site
